from a million-to-one shot he became a
true champion of the world now the glory
because of the continuous violent blows
to the head
the effects are irreversible the crowds
my husband is retired he has nothing
more to prove and the money are gone you
lost millions let's look at my place
Hill neighborhood
his title is in the hands of a new
champion hey buddies don't Rocky Balboa
controlled by an unscrupulous promoter
this is your medical report it's not so
good but we can work around it all
that's left is his family
I've been down before I'll get it all
back his heart I got a fight okay
I got problem they got a fight and a
dream a dream to get it all back this is
a tremendous opportunity opportunity for
all for you to make money for him to be
disabled you know I get carried bellboys
dubs as long as they got bail go on the
brain you'll always be champ
got John jack man to fight and if he
refuses then you got insulted you got a
dog and you've got a humiliated you
gotta do whatever you got to do to get
him into that ring to tell me you piece
of garbage you know that you tone I
fight anywhere anytime in the ring in
the ring Tommy god only fight in the
ring my rings outside yeah let's do it
good idea